Oprah Winfrey's 50 Rules for Success
01. Understand the next right move
02. Seize your opportunity - don't believe in luck. Be prepared to handle the opportunity at hand. Everything that happens in your life have prepared you for what's happening now
03. Everyone makes mistakes
04. Work on yourself
05. Run the race as hard as you can - the way you stepup your game is NOT to control your competitors. It's about you.
06. Believe - that will not be my life
07. We are all seeking the same thing - seeking the highest and truest expression of yourself
08. Find your purpose - immediate goal is to figure it out. VERY IMPORTANT!
09. Stay grounded - willing to understand and be understood
10. Relax, it's gonna be okay
11. Be authentic
12. Do it all - burn out the complete possibility of everything I can do to humanity
13. Love More
14. Always give your best
15. You are what you believe - "I always felt I was the smartest person in the room" - I don't believe in this. I can always learn from people around me. Never be defined by the box that people define you in.
16. Find your core self
17. Provide value
18. Don't give up
19. Live in the now - Be here, Be now. Don't live in the past, what happen in the past.
20. Have Fun
21. Set boundaries - set boundaries with money for yourself. Dealing with begging eventhough they know you have it. Solution: my intention is that I'm a nice person and I will always do it. Start by saying NO. "What Jesus Christ will do?". Many times you will worry about things when the other person isn't even thinking of me. Set boundaries with my money, time - meaning I should decide what to say. Not driven what other people want me to do. What is the next right move for me?
22. Create the life you want - I truly believe that "thoughts are the greatest vehicle to change, power and success in the world"
23. Turn your wounds into wisdom - failure is only God's way of saying you're moving in the wrong direction. Just an experience. Not knowing the answer or what to do at the time when the situation occurred.
24. Live your life to the fullest - What is the truest or highest expresion of ourself as a human being - that will continue until your last breath or until you die.
25. Demand respect - "Disease to please". NOT EVERYONE. I DECIDE ON THIS. Difficult to see myself as succuessful; still seeing as going through the process of being successful. Be comfortable with yourself and not what you acquire. The ability to say No and not feeling guilty about it. No, I will not let you treat me this way. I demand only the best for myself. It's ok to say No and other people don't like you. It's what you say. "God is trying to get your attention and when he doesn't he is going to hit you a little harder to get your attention".
26. You become what you believe - Create the highest, grandest belief as possible - Oprah Winfrey.
27. Touch lives every day
28. Own your life - understand that everybody story is the same and is connected. Difficult feeling is you are the only one that is going through the same thing. I define a Master as someone who has fully own the progress and trajectory of their life. Never quit, have faith in bad times and enjoy in the good times. 
29. Live a truthful life - when people show you who they are the first time; know that they will be followed everytime. When people show you who they are for the first time, believe them. "How do you forgive in situations like these?"
30. Say "Thank you!" - "I tell God Thank You for what I have achieved!"
31. Master your craft - Stop comparing yourself to other people. You only on this planet to be you.
32. Find a way to serve - 
33. Take responsibility - don't sit around waiting for someone to help you. Only you have the responsibility to take your life forward. See this moment for what it is, accept it and move forward.
34. Solve problems - to someone who is hurting, that thing is everything
35. Always do the right thing - excellence shows yourself. Build your brand. Do the right thing and do it excellently is to build your brand. When you are excellent, you become unforgettable. Even if noone is looking, do the right thing, it will bring the right thing.
36. Listen to the universe - the universe whispers to you - hmm.. that's not right! If you don't pay attention to the whisper, it gets louder and louder. What are the whispers.
37. Become the version of yourself - your life is always speaking to you. Grow myself into the best of yourself.
38. Surround yourself with great people - people don't like, if you surround yourself with people of your reflection. People who want the best for you want you to be your best. Surround yourself with people who want your cup to runneth over.
39. Find your true passion - if you find what you love, you never get tired. You know if you are doing the right thing because it feels right and you do it for nothing. Because it gives you your juice.
40. Have fun 
41. Know who you are - Foundation of your life.
42. Be a warrior of the light - A wrinkle in time. When everything is so dark, it brings out the best in you. I don't COMPLETELY believe in do unto others as they do unto you, what you do has being completely done. Everything you ever tried to do to me, already done to you. What you put out is coming back all the time.
43. Know your strengths - understand what you can and can not do.
44. Earn success - sucess is suppose to happen like that. Come out of college and have their brand. WHAT DOES IT MEAN TO BE A BRAND.  Having a brand is making choices that this is the right move.
45. Have good intentions - do your work based on intentions; cause an effect is caused by your energy of your intentions.
46. Love your audience - 
47. Just be yourself
48. Align yourself with your dream
49. Create a meaningful life 
50. Have fun 

Questions
- What's the best way you can serve others?
- What do you need to take responsibility for in your life?
- Who are you going to say thank you to today?

- Believe with standards
- People with passion can change the world

- The most tragic thing is not death, life without a purpose. You have to explain what I'm doing with my life.
- Questions you must answer before you become successful
-- Who am I? - Don't confuse yourself with your career - when you loose your job you loose your purpose in life
-- Where are you from? 
-- Why am I here?

- Sometimes you have to be hidden; noone has to find you.
- We were poor but we were busy

Tyler Perry's 10 rules for success
01. Don't stop - Focus on one thing. If you spread the water on many seeds, you won't have enough water to water all seeds; but, water one seed. Don't let anything deter you. Can not stop believing. When something is for, there is something inside you that will not let you let it go.
02. Challenge the thinking
03. Own the show 
04. Love working
05. Become your best self
06. Never despise small beginnings - sometimes you don't need to be at the table. You have to ask yourself why. The great thing about being hidden, you can be underestimated. It's not your time to be seen and then God will reveal you and your talents.
07. Have fun 
08. Be a student of life
09. Have faith
10. Be a point of light

3 types of people
- winners
- loosers, and;
- people who don't know how to win 

Jay-Z top 10 rules for success
01. Get involded in things that you love
02. Be yourself
03. Find inspiration
04. Life is about balance - time for work and time for play
05. Don't give up 
06. Be different
07. Believe in your genius-level talent
08. Follow your instincts
09. Collaborate with others 
10. Mentor and give back 

Jamie Foxx top 10 rules for success
01. Take Responsibility
02. Move the people 
03. Persevere - it wrecks you, but it lets you know what you got
04. Be driven - persevere, have the drive 
05. Turn your light on 
06. Play the right notes
07. Get confidence
08. Study the greats
09. Change your environment
10. Tell great stories

Kobe Bryant
- Sometimes you feel this is the end, but the storm ends and when it ends be ready
